README.md, before:

# kemositewpblock

=== kemositewpblock ===
Contributors: Kevin Montgomery
Requires at least: 6.0
Tested up to: 6.5.3
Requires PHP: 5.7
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

== Description ==



== Changelog ==

= 6.5.3.2 =
- Further updates to WooCommerce support.
- Toying with big titles, using CSS Clamp

= 6.5.3.1 =
- Updated theme for WooCommerce support.
- Added Eyebrow headline for Posts and Products that contain categories.
- Fixed header background image function.

= 6.5.2.10 =
- Improved hover colours and default width for buttons.
- Fixed bug preventing from theme customizer from saving.

= 6.5.2.9 =
- Add header to style.css to support downloading from GitHub. Duh.

= 6.5.2.8 =
- Reinstated color filters on menu item hover
- Fixed footer menu styles
- Fixed warning font colour in light mode.

= 6.5.2.7 =
- Trying again to sync with Github.

= 6.5.2.5 =
- Updates to new menu style classes. This will help ensure that adding custom class names will not be required to use menu styles from the previous theme.
- Reduced logo size, and removed background color on hover.

= 6.5.2.4 =
- Fix to SRI to automatically generate for server installation instance.

= 6.5.2.3 =
- Adjustment to contrast adjustment functions
- Correction to outline button style

= 6.5.2.2 =
Corrections to SRI SHA.

= 6.5.2.1 =
* Initial release

== Copyright ==

kemosite-wp-block WordPress Theme, (C) 2023 Kevin Montgomery
kemosite-wp-block is distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

Roboto Font
Copyright 2011 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 
License URL: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 
Source: Google.com
-- End of Roboto Font credits --

Open Sans Font
Copyright 2020 The Open Sans Project Authors (https://github.com/googlefonts/opensans) 
This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This license is available with a FAQ at: https://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
License URL: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
Source: http://www.google.com/get/noto/
-- End of Open Sans Font credits --

Roboto Condensed Font
Copyright 2011 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 
License URL: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 
Source: Google.com
-- End of Roboto Condensed Font credits --

EB Garamond Font
Copyright 2017 The EB Garamond Project Authors (https://github.com/octaviopardo/EBGaramond12) 
This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This license is available with a FAQ at: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
License URL: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
Source: http://georgduffner.at/
-- End of EB Garamond Font credits --

Oswald Font
Copyright 2016 The Oswald Project Authors (https://github.com/googlefonts/OswaldFont) 
This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This license is available with a FAQ at: https://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
License URL: https://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
Source: http://www.sansoxygen.com
-- End of Oswald Font credits --

Commit message:

6.5.3.3
- Adjusted button widths to fit to content.
- Corrections to show posts correctly.

README.md, after:

# kemositewpblock

=== kemositewpblock ===
Contributors: Kevin Montgomery
Requires at least: 6.0
Tested up to: 6.5.3
Requires PHP: 5.7
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

== Description ==



== Changelog ==

= 6.5.3.3 =
- Adjusted button widths to fit to content.
- Corrections to show posts correctly.

= 6.5.3.2 =
- Further updates to WooCommerce support.
- Toying with big titles, using CSS Clamp

= 6.5.3.1 =
- Updated theme for WooCommerce support.
- Added Eyebrow headline for Posts and Products that contain categories.
- Fixed header background image function.

= 6.5.2.10 =
- Improved hover colours and default width for buttons.
- Fixed bug preventing from theme customizer from saving.

= 6.5.2.9 =
- Add header to style.css to support downloading from GitHub. Duh.

= 6.5.2.8 =
- Reinstated color filters on menu item hover
- Fixed footer menu styles
- Fixed warning font colour in light mode.

= 6.5.2.7 =
- Trying again to sync with Github.

= 6.5.2.5 =
- Updates to new menu style classes. This will help ensure that adding custom class names will not be required to use menu styles from the previous theme.
- Reduced logo size, and removed background color on hover.

= 6.5.2.4 =
- Fix to SRI to automatically generate for server installation instance.

= 6.5.2.3 =
- Adjustment to contrast adjustment functions
- Correction to outline button style

= 6.5.2.2 =
Corrections to SRI SHA.

= 6.5.2.1 =
* Initial release

== Copyright ==

kemosite-wp-block WordPress Theme, (C) 2023 Kevin Montgomery
kemosite-wp-block is distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

Roboto Font
Copyright 2011 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 
License URL: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 
Source: Google.com
-- End of Roboto Font credits --

Open Sans Font
Copyright 2020 The Open Sans Project Authors (https://github.com/googlefonts/opensans) 
This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This license is available with a FAQ at: https://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
License URL: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
Source: http://www.google.com/get/noto/
-- End of Open Sans Font credits --

Roboto Condensed Font
Copyright 2011 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 
License URL: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 
Source: Google.com
-- End of Roboto Condensed Font credits --

EB Garamond Font
Copyright 2017 The EB Garamond Project Authors (https://github.com/octaviopardo/EBGaramond12) 
This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This license is available with a FAQ at: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
License URL: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
Source: http://georgduffner.at/
-- End of EB Garamond Font credits --

Oswald Font
Copyright 2016 The Oswald Project Authors (https://github.com/googlefonts/OswaldFont) 
This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This license is available with a FAQ at: https://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
License URL: https://scripts.sil.org/OFL 
Source: http://www.sansoxygen.com
-- End of Oswald Font credits --
